Self Evaluation

Two-Player:
In our opinion, the fixed view we implemented in this version of our game made it rather difficult to play in three dimensions. Because the view was stationary, the user couldn't see the whole snake in this version. We could have devoted some more attention to making it a little easier to view. We also found it difficult to see the boundaries of the game play, and could have spent some time defining these better. Another issue we had was that the local two-player mode resulted in a very cluttered keyboard that made play rather difficult. Given more time we would address this and attempt to re-organize the input keys. This version of play did meet one of our original project goals, without the networking aspect of it. We set out to create a battling snake game and this version of play fullfills that. We found this verison of play to be a crucial step in the process of creating a final networked game of battling snakes.

Single player:
We could have spent more time working on making the user experience more intuitive for this version of the game. The camera viewing in this mode, while it provides for an interesting viewing experience, makes it very difficult to stay oriented during play, and the game loses some of its relation to the typical game of snake. This version of the game did allow us to learn a lot about the vpython module, particularly the manipulation of the scene, and the changing of camera angle to fit our purposes. We should also have attempted to create a better form of allowing the user to remain oriented as the camera angles changed, because while the boxes we created do serve our purposes, they can be rather confusing to inexperianced players. The way our game is set up right now has a very definitive learning curve. All in all, the game was a very interesting exercise in python that proved to be somewhat difficult to play. V python's rendering abilities proved to be inadequate for the purposes of our project, so what we intended to be snap-to first person viewing system turned into a very confusing, constantly changing frame of reference. Despites the shortcomings, we managed to model the game very well, and created a single player sanke game that has an interesting appeal despite its complications. 